[repo] docs: added concepts to the getting started docs (#1176)
microsoft/teams-ai: getting-started/CONCEPTS/PLANNER.md

# Planner

> The planner is takes in the user's ask and returns back a plan on how to accomplish the request. The user's ask is in the form of a prompt or prompt template. It does this by using AI to mix and match atomic functions (called _actions_) registered to the AI system so that it can recombine them into series of steps that complete a goal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The planner receives the user's ask and returns a plan on how to accomplish the request. The user's ask is in the form of a prompt or prompt template. It does this by using AI to mix and match atomic functions (called _actions_) registered to the AI system so that it can recombine them into a series of steps that complete a goal.
```

This is a powerful concept because it allows you to create actions that can be used in ways that you as a developer may not have thought of.

> For instance, If you have a task and `Summarize` & `SendEmail` action, the planner could combine them to create workflows like "Rewrite the following report into a short paragraph, and email it to johndoe@email.com" without you explicitly having to write code for those scenarios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instance, If you have a task with `Summarize` & `SendEmail` actions, the planner could combine them to create workflows like "Rewrite the following report into a short paragraph and email it to johndoe@email.com" without you explicitly having to write code for those scenarios.
```

The planner is an extensible part of the AI system. This means that a custom planner can be created for your specific needs. Out of the box, the Teams AI library supports the following planners.

> | Planner            | Description                                                                             | C#  | JS/TS | Python |
> | ------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --- | ----- | ------ |
> | [ActionPlanner](./ACTION-PLANNER.md)      | Powerful planner that uses LLMs to generate plans. It has a built-in prompt management, LLM modularity, amongst other features. | ✅  | ✅    | ❌     |
> | AssistantsPlanner | A planner that uses OpenAI's Assistants APIs to generate plans.  | ✅  | ✅    | ❌     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Planner                              | Description                                                                                                                     | C#  | JS/TS | Python |
| ------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --- | ----- | ------ |
| [ActionPlanner](./ACTION-PLANNER.md) | Powerful planner that uses LLMs to generate plans. It has a built-in prompt management, LLM modularity, amongst other features. | ✅  | ✅    | ❌     |
| AssistantsPlanner                    | A planner that uses OpenAI's Assistants APIs to generate plans.                                                                 | ✅  | ✅    | ❌     |
```

### Plan

A plan is the entity that is generated by the planner. It is a JSON object of the following shape:

```json
{
  "type": "plan",
  "commands": [
    {
      "type": "DO",
      "action": "<name>",
      "parameters": {
        "<name>": "<value>"
      }
    },
    {
      "type": "SAY",
      "response": "<response>"
    }
  ]
}
```

> A plan consists of two types of commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A plan consists of two types of commands and their entities:
```
